docs/README.md, before:

# Blazor-Fluxor
![](./images/blazor-fluxor-logo.png)

Blazor-Fluxor is a zero boilerplate Flux/Redux library for the new [Microsoft aspdotnet Blazor project].

The aim of Fluxor is to create a single-state store approach to front-end development in Blazor without the headaches typically associated with other implementations, such as the overwhelming amount of boiler-plate code required just to add a very basic feature.

## Installation
You can download the latest release / pre-release NuGet packages from the [official Blazor-Fluxor nuget page].

 - [Blazor Fluxor] [![NuGet version (Blazor.Fluxor)](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Blazor.Fluxor.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Blazor.Fluxor/)

## Getting started
The easiest way to get started is to look at the [Sample projects]. They are numbered in an order recommended for learning Blazor-Fluxor. Each will have a `readme` file that explains how the sample was created.

### Sample projects
More sample projects will be added as the framework develops.
- [Counter sample] - Fluxorizes `Counter` page in the standard Visual Studio Blazor sample in order to show how to switch to a Redux/Flux pattern application using Fluxor.
- [Effects sample] - Fluxorizes `FetchData` page in the standard Visual Studio Blazor sample in order to demonstrate asynchronous reactions to actions that are dispatched.
- [Redux dev tools integration] - Demonstrates how to enable debugger integration for the [Redux dev tools] Chrome plugin.
- [Custom Middleware] - Demonstrates how to create custom Middleware to intercept actions etc.
- [Blazor Flight Finder] - A conversion of the official Blazor `Flight Finder` demo.

## What's new

### Next release
Issues fixed
- https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/issues/98


### New in 1.2.0
- Prevent JavaScript initialisation from being executed twice.
- Add `IState.Unsubscribe`

### New in 1.1.0
- Change store initialization technique to make server-side Blazor apps work on iOS and OSX browsers.

**NOTE:** You must manually add a script reference to `_content/Blazor.Fluxor/index.js` to the host page in server-side apps.

### New in 1.0.0
- Initialise store in App.razor instead of MainLayout.razor
- First major release

### New in 0.35
- Upgraded to DotNet Core 3

### New in 0.34
- Work around for Blazor bug that stops injected scripts working in Safari.

### New in 0.33.1
- Allow multiple reducers in a class (and static reducers) with `[ReducerMethod]`
- Allow multiple effects in a class (and static effects) with `[EffectMethod]`
- Removed `MultiActionReducer<TState>` due to new `ReducerMethodAttribute`

Issues fixed
- https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/issues/76

### New in 0.32.0
- Update to Blazor RC1

### New in 0.31.0
- Remove White=Positive / Black=Negative terms - Use Include/Exclude instead.
- Update to Blazor preview 9

### New in 0.30.0
- Added a new class `MultiActionReducer<TState>` that allows you to combine multiple reducers into a single class.

### New in 0.29.0
- Fixed a harmless null reference error when running server-side
- Fixed FlightFinder sample's UI and binding
- TypeExtensions.GetNamespace extension method removed in favor of Type.Namespace
- Fixed bug that caused an error when the project contained an abstract class that implements a Fluxor interface

### New in 0.28.0
- Added a StateChanged event to IFeature<T> and IState<T>

### New in 0.27.0
- Update to Blazor preview 8

### New in 0.26.0
- Update to Blazor preview 7
- Alter the icon that appears in NuGet

### New in 0.25.0
- Remove IAction. Actions may now be any type of object.

### New in 0.24.0
**NOTE**: Due to a [bug in System.Text.Json](https://github.com/dotnet/corefx/issues/38435) the ReduxDevTools do not work in this release.
- Upgraded to latest packages (.net core v3.0.0-preview6.19307.2)

### New in 0.23.0
- Upgraded to latest packages (.net core v3.0.0-preview5-19227-01)

### New in 0.22.0
- Upgraded to latest packages (.net core v3.0.0-preview4-19216-03)
- Rename *.cshtml to *.razor
- Change project start up code to reflect most recent approach

### New in 0.21.0
- Upgraded to latest packages (.net core v3.0.0-preview3-19153-02)

### New in 0.20.0
- Upgraded to Blazor 0.9.0

### New in 0.19.0
- Upgraded to Blazor 0.8.0 (Thanks to [@chris_sainty](https://twitter.com/chris_sainty) on Twitter)

### New in 0.18.0
- Changed UseDependencyInjection to use `AddScoped` instead of `AddSingleton` so server-side Blazor apps do not share the same store across clients.

### New in 0.17.0
- Upgraded to Blazor 0.7.0

### New in 0.16.0
- Upgraded to Blazor 0.6.0
- Added a Task to IStore named `Initialized` that can be awaited in `OnInitializedAsync`

### New in 0.15.1
- Added setTimeout workaround because Blazor won't allow calling StateHasChanged when the page loads

### New in 0.15.0
- Queue dispatched actions until store is initialized and then dequeue them.
- Made demos reference NuGet packages so they can be downloaded separately.

Issues fixed
- https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/issues/28

### New in 0.14.0
- Upgraded to Blazor 0.5.1.
- Effects and Middlewares must now call `IDispatcher.Dispatch()` to dispatch actions.

### New in 0.13.0
- Added state change observer pattern. Calling `SomeInjectedState.Changed(this, StateHasChanged)` in a component's `OnInitialized` method will subscribe to all state changes triggered by other components.
- Changed `IState.Current` to `IState.Value`
- Modified the official Blazor `Flight Finder` demo to use Fluxor. Status is incomplete but functional.

### New in 0.12.1
- Changed the way Effects and Reducers work so the developer has more flexibility in chosing what they react to (descendant classes, implemented interfaces, etc)

### New in 0.12.0
- Added unit tests
- Change versioning scheme to match the Blazor approach (increment minor version per release)
- Make BrowserInterop an injected service
- Ensure DisposableCallback can only be disposed once
- Change Store.Features from IEnumerable<IFeature> to IReadonlyDictionary<string, Feature> for fast lookup and prevention of duplicate keys
- Make Store.BeginInternalMiddlewareChange re-entrant
- Fix NullReferenceException that could occur when Middleware returned null from IMiddleware.AfterDispatch

### New in 0.0.11
- Allow middleware to return tasks to dispatch from IMiddleware.AfterDispatch
- Make methods of `Feature<TState>` virtual.
- Upgraded to Blazor 0.4.0

### New in 0.0.10
- Introduced IDispatcher for dispatching actions from Blazor components so that the whole IStore isn't required.
- Introduced IState for providing feature state to Blazor components so that the entire IFeature<T> doesn't need to be referenced.

### New in 0.0.9
- Renamed `Handle` to `HandleAsync` in effects
- Added source docs

### New in 0.0.8
- Added an example showing how to create Middleware modules for Fluxor
- Fixed a bug where components were not displaying state updates when actions effecting their state were dispatched from another component

### New in 0.0.7
- Renamed IStoreMiddleware to IMiddleware
- Allow middleware to veto the dispatching of actions
- Allow middleware to declare Javascript it needs to be added into the site's html page
- Add routing middleware
- Exclude auto-discovery of features / reducers / effects in namespaces that contain a class that implements IMiddleware
- Auto register features / reducers / effects for classes in the same namespace (or below) of any class added with Options.AddMiddleware

### New in 0.0.6
- Changed the signature of IStore.Dispatch to IStore.DispatchAsync
- Upgraded to latest version of Blazor (0.3.0)

### New in 0.0.5
- Changed the signature of ServiceCollection.AddFluxor to pass in an Options object
- Added support for Redux Dev Tools
- Added support for adding custom Middleware

### New in 0.0.4
- Changed side-effects to return an array of actions to dispatch rather than limiting it to a single action

### New in 0.0.3
- Added side-effects for calling out to async routines such as HTTP requests
- Added a sample application to the [Sample projects]

### New in 0.0.2
- Automatic discovery of store, features, and reducers via dependency injection.

### New in 0.0.1
- Basic store / feature / reducer implementation

# Licence
MIT

   [Official Blazor-Fluxor nuget page]: <https://www.nuget.org/packages/Blazor.Fluxor>
   [Blazor Fluxor]: <https://www.nuget.org/packages/Blazor.Fluxor>
   [Microsoft aspdotnet blazor project]: <https://github.com/aspnet/Blazor>
   [Counter sample]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples/01-CounterSample>
   [Effects sample]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples/02-WeatherForecastSample>
   [Redux dev tools integration]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples/03-ReduxDevToolsIntegration>
   [Custom Middleware]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples/04-MiddlewareSample>
   [Sample projects]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples>
   [Blazor Flight Finder]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples/05-FlightFinder>
   [Full Stack Sample]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples/06-FullStackSample>

Commit message:

Uprage to preview4.19579.2 (#104)
* Upgrade to dotnetcore 3.1 preview 4

* Add RazorLangVersion

* Upgrade

* Upgrade docs

* Update package version

docs/README.md, after:

# Blazor-Fluxor
![](./images/blazor-fluxor-logo.png)

Blazor-Fluxor is a zero boilerplate Flux/Redux library for the new [Microsoft aspdotnet Blazor project].

The aim of Fluxor is to create a single-state store approach to front-end development in Blazor without the headaches typically associated with other implementations, such as the overwhelming amount of boiler-plate code required just to add a very basic feature.

## Installation
You can download the latest release / pre-release NuGet packages from the [official Blazor-Fluxor nuget page].

 - [Blazor Fluxor] [![NuGet version (Blazor.Fluxor)](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Blazor.Fluxor.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Blazor.Fluxor/)

## Getting started
The easiest way to get started is to look at the [Sample projects]. They are numbered in an order recommended for learning Blazor-Fluxor. Each will have a `readme` file that explains how the sample was created.

### Sample projects
More sample projects will be added as the framework develops.
- [Counter sample] - Fluxorizes `Counter` page in the standard Visual Studio Blazor sample in order to show how to switch to a Redux/Flux pattern application using Fluxor.
- [Effects sample] - Fluxorizes `FetchData` page in the standard Visual Studio Blazor sample in order to demonstrate asynchronous reactions to actions that are dispatched.
- [Redux dev tools integration] - Demonstrates how to enable debugger integration for the [Redux dev tools] Chrome plugin.
- [Custom Middleware] - Demonstrates how to create custom Middleware to intercept actions etc.
- [Blazor Flight Finder] - A conversion of the official Blazor `Flight Finder` demo.

## What's new

### Next release
Issues fixed
- https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/issues/98

### New in 1.3.0
- Upgraded to DotNet Core 3.1 preview 4

### New in 1.2.0
- Prevent JavaScript initialisation from being executed twice.
- Add `IState.Unsubscribe`

### New in 1.1.0
- Change store initialization technique to make server-side Blazor apps work on iOS and OSX browsers.

**NOTE:** You must manually add a script reference to `_content/Blazor.Fluxor/index.js` to the host page in server-side apps.

### New in 1.0.0
- Initialise store in App.razor instead of MainLayout.razor
- First major release

### New in 0.35
- Upgraded to DotNet Core 3

### New in 0.34
- Work around for Blazor bug that stops injected scripts working in Safari.

### New in 0.33.1
- Allow multiple reducers in a class (and static reducers) with `[ReducerMethod]`
- Allow multiple effects in a class (and static effects) with `[EffectMethod]`
- Removed `MultiActionReducer<TState>` due to new `ReducerMethodAttribute`

Issues fixed
- https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/issues/76

### New in 0.32.0
- Update to Blazor RC1

### New in 0.31.0
- Remove White=Positive / Black=Negative terms - Use Include/Exclude instead.
- Update to Blazor preview 9

### New in 0.30.0
- Added a new class `MultiActionReducer<TState>` that allows you to combine multiple reducers into a single class.

### New in 0.29.0
- Fixed a harmless null reference error when running server-side
- Fixed FlightFinder sample's UI and binding
- TypeExtensions.GetNamespace extension method removed in favor of Type.Namespace
- Fixed bug that caused an error when the project contained an abstract class that implements a Fluxor interface

### New in 0.28.0
- Added a StateChanged event to IFeature<T> and IState<T>

### New in 0.27.0
- Update to Blazor preview 8

### New in 0.26.0
- Update to Blazor preview 7
- Alter the icon that appears in NuGet

### New in 0.25.0
- Remove IAction. Actions may now be any type of object.

### New in 0.24.0
**NOTE**: Due to a [bug in System.Text.Json](https://github.com/dotnet/corefx/issues/38435) the ReduxDevTools do not work in this release.
- Upgraded to latest packages (.net core v3.0.0-preview6.19307.2)

### New in 0.23.0
- Upgraded to latest packages (.net core v3.0.0-preview5-19227-01)

### New in 0.22.0
- Upgraded to latest packages (.net core v3.0.0-preview4-19216-03)
- Rename *.cshtml to *.razor
- Change project start up code to reflect most recent approach

### New in 0.21.0
- Upgraded to latest packages (.net core v3.0.0-preview3-19153-02)

### New in 0.20.0
- Upgraded to Blazor 0.9.0

### New in 0.19.0
- Upgraded to Blazor 0.8.0 (Thanks to [@chris_sainty](https://twitter.com/chris_sainty) on Twitter)

### New in 0.18.0
- Changed UseDependencyInjection to use `AddScoped` instead of `AddSingleton` so server-side Blazor apps do not share the same store across clients.

### New in 0.17.0
- Upgraded to Blazor 0.7.0

### New in 0.16.0
- Upgraded to Blazor 0.6.0
- Added a Task to IStore named `Initialized` that can be awaited in `OnInitializedAsync`

### New in 0.15.1
- Added setTimeout workaround because Blazor won't allow calling StateHasChanged when the page loads

### New in 0.15.0
- Queue dispatched actions until store is initialized and then dequeue them.
- Made demos reference NuGet packages so they can be downloaded separately.

Issues fixed
- https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/issues/28

### New in 0.14.0
- Upgraded to Blazor 0.5.1.
- Effects and Middlewares must now call `IDispatcher.Dispatch()` to dispatch actions.

### New in 0.13.0
- Added state change observer pattern. Calling `SomeInjectedState.Changed(this, StateHasChanged)` in a component's `OnInitialized` method will subscribe to all state changes triggered by other components.
- Changed `IState.Current` to `IState.Value`
- Modified the official Blazor `Flight Finder` demo to use Fluxor. Status is incomplete but functional.

### New in 0.12.1
- Changed the way Effects and Reducers work so the developer has more flexibility in chosing what they react to (descendant classes, implemented interfaces, etc)

### New in 0.12.0
- Added unit tests
- Change versioning scheme to match the Blazor approach (increment minor version per release)
- Make BrowserInterop an injected service
- Ensure DisposableCallback can only be disposed once
- Change Store.Features from IEnumerable<IFeature> to IReadonlyDictionary<string, Feature> for fast lookup and prevention of duplicate keys
- Make Store.BeginInternalMiddlewareChange re-entrant
- Fix NullReferenceException that could occur when Middleware returned null from IMiddleware.AfterDispatch

### New in 0.0.11
- Allow middleware to return tasks to dispatch from IMiddleware.AfterDispatch
- Make methods of `Feature<TState>` virtual.
- Upgraded to Blazor 0.4.0

### New in 0.0.10
- Introduced IDispatcher for dispatching actions from Blazor components so that the whole IStore isn't required.
- Introduced IState for providing feature state to Blazor components so that the entire IFeature<T> doesn't need to be referenced.

### New in 0.0.9
- Renamed `Handle` to `HandleAsync` in effects
- Added source docs

### New in 0.0.8
- Added an example showing how to create Middleware modules for Fluxor
- Fixed a bug where components were not displaying state updates when actions effecting their state were dispatched from another component

### New in 0.0.7
- Renamed IStoreMiddleware to IMiddleware
- Allow middleware to veto the dispatching of actions
- Allow middleware to declare Javascript it needs to be added into the site's html page
- Add routing middleware
- Exclude auto-discovery of features / reducers / effects in namespaces that contain a class that implements IMiddleware
- Auto register features / reducers / effects for classes in the same namespace (or below) of any class added with Options.AddMiddleware

### New in 0.0.6
- Changed the signature of IStore.Dispatch to IStore.DispatchAsync
- Upgraded to latest version of Blazor (0.3.0)

### New in 0.0.5
- Changed the signature of ServiceCollection.AddFluxor to pass in an Options object
- Added support for Redux Dev Tools
- Added support for adding custom Middleware

### New in 0.0.4
- Changed side-effects to return an array of actions to dispatch rather than limiting it to a single action

### New in 0.0.3
- Added side-effects for calling out to async routines such as HTTP requests
- Added a sample application to the [Sample projects]

### New in 0.0.2
- Automatic discovery of store, features, and reducers via dependency injection.

### New in 0.0.1
- Basic store / feature / reducer implementation

# Licence
MIT

   [Official Blazor-Fluxor nuget page]: <https://www.nuget.org/packages/Blazor.Fluxor>
   [Blazor Fluxor]: <https://www.nuget.org/packages/Blazor.Fluxor>
   [Microsoft aspdotnet blazor project]: <https://github.com/aspnet/Blazor>
   [Counter sample]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples/01-CounterSample>
   [Effects sample]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples/02-WeatherForecastSample>
   [Redux dev tools integration]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples/03-ReduxDevToolsIntegration>
   [Custom Middleware]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples/04-MiddlewareSample>
   [Sample projects]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples>
   [Blazor Flight Finder]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples/05-FlightFinder>
   [Full Stack Sample]: <https://github.com/mrpmorris/blazor-fluxor/tree/master/samples/06-FullStackSample>
